<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <body onload="loadPage();">

        <ui:composition template="./Template/ClientTemplate.xhtml">


            <ui:define name="content">
                <style type="text/css">
                    #home {
                        background: url(../images/bg-navigation-hover.png) repeat-x center;
                        color: #d2d2d2; 
                    }
                    #navigation li#home a {
                        color: #d2d2d2;
                    }
                </style>
                <div id="adbox">
                    <div>
                        <div>
                            <h1>Call Us Now!</h1>
                            <p>
                                (503) 227-1212 <br/>
                                Welcome to Radio Cab, If you need a cab or other services immediately, please call either of our main numbers.
                            </p>
                            <p>
                                (360) 694-1234 <br/>
                                If you would like to request a cab for an up coming trip, please fill out the form below to schedule your cab.
                                <br/>
                                Regular texting rates will apply.
                                Thank you for choosing Radio Cab. We look forward to serving all your transportation and delivery needs.
                            </p>
                            <a href="index.html" class="more">Order right now!</a>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
                <div id="body">
                    <div id="main">
                        <h2><span style="color:white">&#8220; We are the pioneer in Cab Service Started its operation in 2001 from JIAP &#8221;.</span></h2>
                        <p>
                            Metro Radio Cab is the pioneer in radiocab services in Pakistan. Started its operation in 2001 from JIAP, Metro Radio Cab services are now available in cities including Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Faislabad, Multan, Bahwalpur, Hyderabad, Sialkot, Muree and Rawalpindi . Having 13 years of experience and quality service, Metro radiocab customer base is the largest than any other competing radiocab services.
                            We provide clients with a one-stop shop for ground transportation needs.  All of these services are underpinned by our investment in new technology to make bookings as easy and convenient as possible, through automated Internet bookings.
                        </p>
                    </div>

                </div>
            </ui:define>


        </ui:composition>

    </body>
</html>
